It is sputum looking for a child of out in all the time sleeping gradually slope It is competing school 8 anymore everyone today
I 'm going to give my name where I'm at
I want to get the beat of the room but I want to get it
My child does not appear in the middle of being unable to be a friend
Why are 茜 coders doing higher and higher missions
Without Te in real driftwood does not participate but I had to issue the next child
I've done a lot of rasta , but I 'm not the only one
And have those who hit is in me because me to say that I you sure you want to replace the older sister Oh a now
I from
I would like to exchange friends
Really hard to
I really wanted the soil, after all I myself
Well then it is Marilyn's
Please
Now what shall I give
I'd want to give something good Hey at such great pains
I will like the difference is cute
Hmm
Shall we be around?
Gorori Havi Rating
How is it going to be a child
Oh I can really get homey
Wow Thank you very much and I will exchange it
I do not want Gornyan at all
Oh you do not have to over
Hapiba from the star
I've done it all the time
It's a destiny, you're sure there's something good, thank you very much
I did it
In love in Hey mascot that of his alma mater again this Saturday
Because I started Yokai Watch I became an opportunity to get addicted to Yokai Watch
Thank you for the person 23
2002 shooting
It was a noise that wasn't really a friend, how many hours did it for more than 5 hours
I think
No other this I am I was Thank you
I want to put in the party and raise the level I want to do my best
Come a little could Gya' and get Let's take a look at me
I will get it
Hey But
The truth was I was going to take a recording when I was thinking of getting it on a slope
It's been about 5 hours for a great south Central period
Data capacity is
But it did hit in the last maybe Gacha
Luring I think this could finally get was spear
It's that hide the specter figure of the serpent would be found in people who bake a weak was trouble at the roots
Skills Ah I it is a pinch-tier worth of high-rise product
By combining the men and women a little Yeah I will trouble the unexpected 4 strongly of it is like what's it but on the handle compound interest
To I will chai true
I added this Tsuchinoko I wanted to do Busters but
It was a little shock was not able that white not a body Gane Tutsi saw fellow easily
Finally I Te another elaborate in Uji wings fellow I have ended up in the hype Belbo 99
I was able to do
We also now Nmari Thank you really Rin's
Yokai Watch Basterds If you're thinking of playing it fun, look again
Please give me
It is about 7 o'clock on weekdays, and I am 7 o'clock .
I was doing in the Friends limited everyone N is if I time I have been Dari challenged the Big Boss
If there is between 7 am and 8 am
Please try searching and was required in it
Hmm
It bipedal Get
The